lab
title	      module
Lab 02a: Manage Subscriptions and RBAC
Administer Governance and Compliance

                                        Lab 02a - Manage Subscriptions and RBAC

  Lab introduction
In this lab, you learn about role-based access control.
I learn how to use permissions and scopes to control what actions identities can and cannot perform.
Also learn how to make subscription management easier using management groups.

  Lab scenario
To simplify management of Azure resources in your organization, you have been tasked with implementing the following functionality:

- Creating a management group that includes all your Azure subscriptions.
- Granting permissions to submit support requests for all subscriptions in the management group. The permissions should be limited only to:
Create and manage virtual machines
Create support request tickets (do not include adding Azure providers)

Architecture diagram - as a screenshot

Job skills
Task 1: Implement management groups.
Task 2: Review and assign a built-in Azure role.
Task 3: Create a custom RBAC role.
Task 4: Monitor role assignments with the Activity Log.

          Task 1: Implement Management Groups
In this task, you will create and configure management groups.
Management groups are used to logically organize and segment subscriptions.
They allow for RBAC and Azure Policy to be assigned and inherited to other management groups and subscriptions.
For example, if your organization has a dedicated support team for Europe, you can organize European subscriptions into a management group to provide the support staff access to those subscriptions (without providing individual access to all subscriptions).
In our scenario everyone at the Help Desk will need to create a support request across all subscriptions.

1. Sign in to the Azure portal - https://portal.azure.com.
2. Search for and select Microsoft Entra ID.
3. In the Manage blade, select Properties.
4. Review the Access management for Azure resources area. Ensure you can manage access to all Azure subscriptions and management groups in the tenant.
5. Search for and select Management groups.
6. On the Management groups blade, click + Create.
7. Create a management group with the following settings. Select Submit when you are done.

Setting	                                        Value
Management group ID	                            az104-mg1 (must be unique in the directory)
Management group display name	                  az104-mg1
Refresh the management group page to ensure your new management group displays. This may take a minute.
